is mental fog clouding your thinking
sounds like your brain could use some
fine tuning and puzzles are probably the
best way to do that brain teasers might
seem hard at first but the mind
sharpening benefits are worth the effort
so how about giving the following
riddles a try before you flex your
logical and lateral thinking skills hit
that subscribe button and ring the bell
icon to join us here on the bright side
one a weird coat
what kind of coat can you put on only
when it's wet you have 10 seconds to
figure out the answer to this puzzle
the answer is a coat of paint ah clever
to the Sailor and the cloth a sailor has
a piece of fabric that's 16 feet long
he cuts 2 feet of this fabric per day
how many days will it take him to cut
the whole cloth you thinking 8 days
sorry but that's not right the sailor
will only need seven days the last
remaining piece will be two feet long so
he won't need to cut it
three weightless enigma I have no weight
but you can see me and if you put me in
a water bottle it'll become a lot
lighter what am I
right you are I'm a hole for it lasts
for a day and stands in the middle it
also has a name what is it it's
Wednesday of course five jailhouse art a
prison holds art class were prisoners
every Monday
guards escort participants to the class
and search them at the end of each
lesson today however these prisoners are
going to hold on to their art supplies
and keep them inside their cell but the
question is which of them now has a
chance to escape prison you're ten
seconds starts now
time's up and the answer is the prisoner
in the top left corner he can use his
green paint to turn his clothes green
and pass as a guard six empty-handed
what can you fill if your hands are
empty well this question is downright
confusing how can I fill anything if
it's not in my hands good luck figuring
this one out
oh it's gloves seven hidden treasure
Martha really loves her little sister
Marie but one day Martha had to go away
for the whole day she didn't want Marie
to miss her too much or get bored so she
organized a treasure hunt for the girl
in advance before Martha left she gave
her little sister a map and told her
that if she followed the instruction
she'd find a real treasure Marie
followed the map to a tee
she made the exact number of steps and
turned at all the right spots she
eventually got to the end and started
digging the little girl dug and dug but
found nothing naturally she was pretty
upset when Martha got back she took the
map and almost immediately found the
treasure how so
hopefully ten seconds will be enough for
you to crack this mystery Martha made
one major mistake when she was drawing
the map her steps were a lot bigger than
Marie's that's why the younger girl
couldn't find the spot where Martha had
hidden the treasure eight who's lying
Lisa woke up in the morning to find a
large sum of money missing from her
purse her husband was on a business trip
so the only person that could have taken
the money was one of her three kids her
17 year old son Chris her 15 year old
daughter Karen or her youngest child
David who was 13 she asked her kids what
they had been doing the night before
Chris said that he was at the club with
his friend Rick Karen said that she'd
gone to bed right after dinner because
she had a headache and David explained
that he'd gone to the arcade with his
baseball team after practice
Lisa knew immediately who took the money
can you crack this puzzle in just 10
seconds
[Music]
Chris was lying he was only 17 years old
and couldn't get into any clubs
9 which tank will get full first a
faucet runs over 12 tanks some of them
have one tube leading to another tank
while others have two can you figure out
which of these tanks will fill up first
the correct answer is tank F the water
coming from tank L can only go there
since tube H is blocked 10a security
guard
what does a security guard do when a
bird sits on their head probably shoes
it away right well I'll let you decide
this one
[Music]
if a bird is just sitting on a security
guards head then this person is most
likely sleeping 11 no affirmative answer
what's the question you will never ever
answer yes - hmm as for me there's a
whole bunch of them the question is are
you asleep
12 a paradox what can be forever wound
up but never gets annoyed you have 10
seconds to identify this mysterious
something that seems to have nerves of
steel it's a jack-in-the-box 13 transfer
the water you have a plate full of water
an empty glass a box of matches and a
cork how can you transfer the water to
the glass without touching the plate
you're 10 seconds are ticking MacGyver
you need to place the cork in the middle
of the plate put one match on top of it
and light the match after that you cover
all that with the glass once the match
burns out the water will start to gather
inside the glass show this magic trick
to your friends they'll love it
14 how to get the animals across safely
a man is traveling with his two sheep
and a wolf interesting pets to have the
wolf would gladly attack the sheep if
the man decided to leave it alone with
them for even a moment at some point the
man reaches a river that he needs to
cross he finds a boat nearby but
unfortunately he can only take one of
his animals at a time how on earth can
he get all the animals across safely
without leaving any of his sheep alone
with the wolf your time starts now first
the man should take the wolf across
after that he needs to return to pick up
the first cheap when he reaches the side
where the wolf is he should leave the
sheep and take the wolf back with him
then the man should leave the wolf on
the initial side and take the second
sheep across the last thing to do is to
return to pick up the wolf and voila 15
why did he die Hannah doesn't like her
husband yet she kindly cooks a meal for
him every day one day the woman prepares
a nice steak dinner for both of them she
cuts the meat in half and each of them
gets a piece after her husband eats his
portion he goes blue and suddenly dies
but Hannah is totally fine how did she
manage to survive if her husband died
from poisoning
as you may have guessed this wasn't an
accidental food poisoning Hana put
poison on one side of the knife so that
only the piece she gave to her husband
was poisoned 16 which car seven cars are
stuck in an intersection during rush
hour
everybody is hurrying to work but
unfortunately there's now a bad traffic
jam on one of the busiest roads in the
city
however if only one car was removed from
the picture the rest of them would be
free to go on their way you have ten
seconds to figure out which car is
preventing the others from going any
further and the correct answer is car
number three try removing it from the
image and you'll see that the rest of
the cars will be able to proceed without
any problems 17 a bird on a branch a
[Music]
blue jay is perched peacefully on a tree
branch oh how cute but you still need to
cut this branch down how can you do this
without bothering the bird
just wait till it flies away that's all
18 left or right hand according to the
rules of etiquette which hand should you
use to stir sugar in your cup of tea
well if you want to follow etiquette
rules yet better stir your tea with a
spoon and not your head which riddle was
the toughest for you let us know in the
comments remember to give this video a
like share it with your friends and
subscribe to always stay on the bright
side of life
[Music]
you